Clarify LLM provider state and supported features (#718)
eclipse-theia/theia-website: src/docs/user_ai.md

### Configuring MCP Servers

To configure MCP servers, open the preferences and add entries to the `MCP Servers Configuration` section. Each server requires a unique identifier (e.g., `"brave-search"` or `"filesystem"`) and configuration details such as the command, arguments, and optional environment variables. **For Windows users, please see the additional information below**.

> 'autostart' will automatically start the respective MCP server the next time you restart your IDE, you will still need to **manually start it the first time** (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`"autostart"` will automatically start the respective MCP server whenever you restart your IDE. In your current session, however, you'll still need to **manually start it** (see below).
```

Just as a suggestion. WDYT? I would however at least make the `autostart` a code block.
